Typos found in the 'Migrate to CircleCI' section of the docs (#10219)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/migrate/pages/migrating-from-aws.adoc

Next, you will need to migrate your build configuration. On AWS CodeBuild, the build configuration is either defined in the web interface or in a file called `buildspec.yml` in the root directory of your source code repository. If you use shell scripts to perform your build, you can reuse those scripts in CircleCI.

> First, create a CircleCI build configuration file. In the root directory of your source code repository, create a folder named `.circleci` and create a file in that folder named `config.yml`. Next, follow the CircleCI documentation https://circleci.com/docs/guides/getting-started/config-intro/[here] to learn how to configure the `config.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a CircleCI build configuration file. In the root directory of your source code repository, create a folder named `.circleci` and create a file in that folder named `config.yml`. Next, follow the CircleCI xref:getting-started:config-intro.adoc[Configuration Introduction] to learn how to configure the `config.yml` file.
```
